update/RM-1088-Make MeshIM work with code split. (#50)
RightMesh/meshIM: README.md

You can clone this repository and build meshIM in Android Studio. You will need your own RightMesh developer credentials, license key, and mesh port to build and run the application. Check out the [RightMesh DeveloperPortal](https://developer.rightmesh.io) to sign up and find instructions.

The official meshIM key is as follows
>> rightmesh_meshim_key="0x4282c537813c21fcfb59860a89c94546564635f5" 

> This key may only be used by approved developers in order to use the library. Alternatively you may swap the key out for your own.

Reviewer: Perhaps:
```suggestion
This key makes use of the official meshIM Mesh Ports and can only be used by approved developers. You may swap the key out for your own to build meshIM, however you will not be able to communicate with users running an official meshIM build.
```

Author: I like it

You can clone this repository and build meshIM in Android Studio. You will need your own RightMesh developer credentials, license key, and mesh port to build and run the application. Check out the [RightMesh DeveloperPortal](https://developer.rightmesh.io) to sign up and find instructions.

The meshIM key is as follows and may be put in the global properties folder located in $HOME/.gradle/gradle.properties

> >> rightmesh_meshim_key="0x4282c537813c21fcfb59860a89c94546564635f5"

Reviewer: It might be worth specifying that the "official" meshIM key is `<whatever>`, that only approved developers can use that, and that if you want to run your own version you can swap it out with your own key.

Author: changed
